c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe.config
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.g.resources
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe.config
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.pdb
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.exe
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\RecognitionClient.pdb
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.cache
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.lref
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\App.baml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.g.resources
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.Properties.Resources.resources
\\fs02\studentdata\2015\048896\ComputerScience\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Debug\RecognitionClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
