c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\RecognitionClient.exe.config
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\RecognitionClient.exe
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\RecognitionClient.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.World.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\bin\Release\zh-CN\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\App.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.g.resources
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.exe
c:\users\olive\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RecognitionClient\RecognitionClient\obj\Release\RecognitionClient.pdb
